 Thank you for the Power Management for Liquid Cooling Stream and today I'm going to give a community update on what we've been up to for the past year.  Right, so the purpose of this work stream is really a conduit between OCP and ZMTF to define Redfish to manage liquid cooling devices as defined by OCP.  So that's everything that we've heard about this afternoon plus more.  So there's CDUs, immersion tanks, that's traditional immersion tanks plus the enclosed chassis versions and the hybrid versions we've started seeing where you've got immersion for the insulated components of the platform and then you've got a directed DLC, those enclosed chassis as well.  Cold plate, so the traditional cold plate, including the BMCs.  Aggregation control loops, rear door heat exchangers, the facility side, we look at the chillers, the FTOS, valves, inline sensors, all that stuff on the primary side.  And then heat reuse, we look at things like tanks, reservoirs, standalone heat exchangers, standalone booster pumps, those sort of things.  So there's three main outputs on this work stream.  One of them is obviously the schema and the schema defined.  What the resources look like in the management interface, how they interconnect.  So we look at all the scenarios with the cooling and we map that to schema and if there's any changes in the schema we go back and we communicate that back to ZMTF and that gets normally in the next release.  So there's a very rapid iteration cycle going on here.  The second thing we do, so in the schema is the blueprint.  The next thing we do is the mockups or examples.  So your display homes are one of the words.  So that is in the JSON, we define what that hardware management interface would look like.  So with the CDU, we do mockups of the CDU asset data, the sensors, the controls, the connections, the core loops, all that, and we put it into a defined format and we publish that as a mockup.  And that's published through ZMTF and I'll go into that in a bit more detail later.  So that's what we do.  The third thing we do.  is interoperability profiles. So the scheme is a blueprint, the mock-up is your  display home, the interoperability profile is your building code. So it's a standard  and that's published by OSIG feed. So it's telling you what a interface, for  example, a city should look like, how it should behave, what data it should return, what  controls it should have, what sensors it should have. Ok. Progress. So, the initial  release of supporting Bigfoot cooling was in 2023, and that added the cooling unit and  added cooling loops, it added things like CDU abilities, paid exchanges, the basics  were added then. Recently we've just added an amendment that added bash  valves into the schema, so we can support the header valves, the coolant control valves,  all those different types of valves for liquid leak detection, shut off, isolation, those  kind of things. We are always iterating and adding amendments and errata, so it's a constant  cycle and I think just about every Redfish release we try and have some kind of update  there to keep up to date with everything that's been going on. Some other examples  like the second release we added coolant redundancy for the scenario where you've got multiple  CDUs, multiple immersion tanks for example, and we are still constantly going through  those updates. Okay, so this is a more detailed of the schema, I won't go into too much detail  about this bubble diagram, but it does show the main components are obviously, you know,  from a Redfish perspective, everything is hanging off thermal equipment for the liquid  cooling, so under thermal equipment you'd have a cooling unit, then from there you'd  have things like pump collections, filters, reservoirs, coolant connectors for the connections  for the TCS, FWS, that kind of stuff, and then that's all linked back to the chassis  and off the chassis we have the sensors and we have the controls hanging off there, so  it just gives you an idea.  Do you have any idea of how we model the liquid cooling devices in Redfish? Okay, so  the fourth aspect that I debated to touch on in the previous slide is the message registries  and this defines all the messages that you can receive from a managed device. So for  example, CDU we defined, you know, flow rate messages, pressure messages, temperature messages  and those are all in the form of thresholds or they can just be other error conditions  that can be sent from that device when you subscribe to it, to the Redfish invention model.  Okay, some more information about the interoperability protocols. Like I said, these are kind of like  the building codes and these are specified by OCDP. We have a whole process through the  hardware management project that allows us to define these, publish these, and then we  publish these and the documentation form. So as an example for the CDU that would consist  of three different interop protocols. There's a baseline Redfish service profile which basically  defines how any Redfish service should behave, including certificates, security, authentication,  management, information about the manager itself. On top of that we have a liquid cooling  baseline which is laid on top of that.  And that's anything, any kind of liquid cooling device should have to conform to that baseline  and that just defines that it should have a thermal equipment, cooling unit, some other bits and pieces  like some metrics, thermal metrics, et cetera, stuff like that. And the last one on top of that is  the CDU interop profile and that lays on top of that too and defines what the CDU should appear as  in the management interface.  And then because they're layered, you can then, if you want to, go even further and  define on top of the OCDP standard. You can make your own interop profile, layer that  on top of the other three, run it through the tools. It will spit out a report nicely,  you know, traffic light, red, green, or yellow for warning and you can go through that list  and you can use that to confirm that the Redfish interface is conforming to the standard.  So those profiles.  Okay, those profiles are published in a GitHub repository managed by OCDP.  I can provide the links to those later. And at the moment, we are still working on and seeking feedback  for an immersion cooling baseline and an immersion tank profile.  Okay, so this might be a bit difficult to...  to see, but I'll walk through it. It's an example...  example modelling of how we would represent these different types of systems in the Redfish interface.  So on the left-hand side, it's the CDU and like I said, that's subject to an interoperability profile.  That defines, you know, the primary side, the secondary side, what sensors there are,  and what proper resources, what metrics you can get out of it.  And then going up north down there, we've got a aggregator.  So that would be something that you would do for Redfish.  You're doing with model devices in a rack and you want to roll those up into one interface.  Underneath that, we can represent the manifold as a physical chassis.  And then to the right, we've got three different examples of heat sources or workload heat generating devices,  i.e. servers, accelerators, whatever they are.  We have a DLC.  We've got a DLC one at the top there.  And that's representing an optimised DLC.  So it'll have potentially a leak sensor inside it, flow rate of what's going on inside the chassis,  and that is through the VMC.  So that's going up to the aggregator.  The second one is a simplified DLC.  So maybe it's just not optimised yet for DLC.  It's still on the DLC loop and we're still gathering information on the VMC,  but it doesn't have a leak detector.  We can still bring it in if we need to.  And the third one down the bottom, I mentioned this earlier, it's the hybrid one,  enclosed chassis with fluid plus DLC to the hotspots.  And in that particular case, we also have another scenario where you have an enclosed chassis controller,  which is the ECC on the left, plus you have the VMC.  So there's multiple different controllers, managers working here,  and they're all feeding up through Redfish.  And the idea of this modelling is to show that, you know, with Redfish,  we can bring in data from the CDU side,  and we also can know what the workload is doing through the VMCs.  And in an ideal scenario, a systems integration scenario,  we can get them both to work together.  The CDU can adjust based on what the workload is,  and it's all done through Redfish, the common protocol.  And also in this case,  if you...  If you imagine the Redfish client at the top there,  that's the one that would subscribe,  and they would be able to receive any messages.  So, you know, if the EC server at the bottom there overheats,  that will be sent up as a message all the way up to the Redfish client,  and you can take action.  OK.  So just in summary here, I just wanted to reiterate what was going on.  So the main...  The main achievement we've had in the last 12 months  is the liquid cooling baseline, the CDU baseline,  and layering that on top of the Redfish service baseline.  And like I said,  we're now working to get more of those interoperability protocols done,  namely immersion tanks first,  but then we have a whole list of interoperability protocols  we want to go through for read-out heat exchangers.  We need to iterate on that one, as it already is,  is heat reuse.  So basically, just about every call,  we go through all these different scenarios  and decide where to mock up.  Is that an interoperability profile?  So we're working all through those.  Having said that, the immersion tank capability  is already shipping in the schema.  It's just adding that wrapper on top of the interoperability profile  defined by OCP.  There's rack PDUs that are shipping out there  that ship with Redfish.  We know that the PowerShells,  I didn't put the PowerShells in the modelling,  but you could also bring in the PowerShell data  via the rack manager through hardware management  that manages that.  You know, directed chip, DLC,  hybrid immersion, heat reuse,  and even liquid cooling facilities,  interoperability.  That's all on the list that I was talking about.  So we're working through those,  trying to get those standardized  so all the liquid cooling devices  can be managed through Redfish to a standard  and they will all,  it doesn't matter what vendor,  if it supports the Intel profile,  it will behave exactly the same.  And as I mentioned earlier  when I was talking about the systems integration,  you'll see Redfish here is enabling the,  bridging the gap between the IT and OTs  because so every,  every time we talk about these liquid cooling things,  the CDU needs feedback from the workload  and vice versa.  And we're reaching a point where we can't just set the CDU,  set the set point and leave it to go.  We need to have some dynamic change there  based on feedback from the workload  and that's where we're pushing all this Redfish  to get it all done with one protocol.  It's secure, it's RESTful based,  and it will help us to enable those use cases.  Okay.  So obligatory QR code for you all.  This is courses for the groups I owe,  so join up the mailing list,  join up the mailing list,  get the links to all our artifacts,  including the links to the repositories  for the interoperability profiles,  the links to the DTF schema to download Redfish,  to download the mockups.  The, like I said earlier,  the main feedback we're after  is getting that immersion tank interoperability profile finished,  trying to get real-life feedback on that,  get that done, get that published  and then move on to the other ones.  I mean, I think the unique call...  The unique...  The unique aspect of this work stream  is I always find that every single call,  it doesn't matter how many agenda items are on,  I think there's only been two calls in three years  that have gone less than an hour,  so we always find ways...  ways to talk about different aspects,  different solutions, what are we missing,  what do we need to add.  So we're very active  and always welcome more participation.  So if you have any interest in systems management,  please, please join, help out.  Thank you.